this is a factor of containment and cleaning inspection
I'm very close Saturday the alexandra team - matinhos period was
alive
was determined the junior signal is the penultimate event of this year's championship
all in the same event the action of the wood first place daniel pinto second
Miguel de Pomez and went on to
daniel pinto and now occupies the third position of the general given million of 2010
drivers between the ages of 14 and 19 promises motocross and so
law school we saw the pilot
the incidents
came just two laps to the circuit
they were interested in being considered
now at home here
already fulfilled three laps the same ones of daniel pinto
joão vi bring pilots 693 gourd stream that 46 70 will also have to have
a pilot
luiz oliveira 18 831 was the fifth classified as in men
the heavy vehicle
this risk of landslides
let's get past the crisis
in Maranhão to 250 and
in six minutes 42 seconds of silence
the donkey 19
in this video youth maintained the third position
This is the first one in India.
48 points
Why do not I do it in my pilot's life?
occurrences with 250 chile
the drivers interviewed anhembi on May 1 in santo andré
first mp
the program 250
little more than 49 kilometers hour
and that we have the first classified of group c of the second and decisive in the
following areas of health
daniel pinto pilot of the racing team to enter this category 16 minutes and 5
seconds and 9 tenths
turn three rounds to the circuit
49 points 31 kilometers hour nor place for the pilot
from the game against the selection of the region
we should mclaren pilot
at the beginning of the game
W
on the occasion it was our night from yesterday from the beginning I left after
work and employment
the new company from the neutral furniture part
it was not organized crime was like my msn
next emerson
already wellington kings also be putting money into the machine xanax book launches
as you have not even holding hands
and in the end we thank everyone who takes maria out merkel as teaching does not
concluded we wanted to leave as well as have a scenario
I have to take out zero points outside without removing your balance all
now let's see how it is going to pay the expensive first place of the 1500 prize
condominium where he lives in note being the owner of the belt rodrigo resolves to invest
all this aims at eletron aims to establish a roadmap
- planned to last business day November 20 edition day of this
year of these six days
in a given period of 2009
everyone can express my worst ratings
everything will be well dressed
the movement above the test
this is the second best position was clearly the public line the saints
the key pilot took the fall this time all this would break
the presidential one with the fall of income of the team in the elite
in addition to urban fires 10%
for example in the mx3 world championship
and so an example of this evidence in the crossdrome that the areas of santander
we can overtake the pilot
ives was eighth in this week and a half of contention
sports credit the agricultural credit
wolverhampton was in the 7th edition in this direction
pedro do sul 50 km from the half hour bilbao
the eight laps to the circuit and the half minus 30%
there are those that we become more well to more 450
almost 51 kilometers of hourly network pedro do sul viseu with raw materials
etc
but it is justified 51 points 0 13 to withdraw by the pilot
a study of the region as' four pilot 311
we should promote reconciliation
to shelter all would receive
the pilot either lasted 34 minutes and 39 seconds
sadden us recover
round the circuit there is no time for him to sell
the pilot was arrested after staying with masters as a doctor
I would remember peace
he tries to understand the leader of the league table
his name on a checking account but the one beautiful to marry
51 slightly pregnant points
another study considered
we had it lasted 34 minutes and 43 seconds and 9 tenths when we completed
18 rounds to the circuit
and have been outstanding winner of this first in India since the beginning
after the fall of Luiz Correia Santos hugo the pilot had seen
summed up beginning to remind their peoples of the event and the
brother torben grael were delivered 450
34 minutes 38 seconds and three hundredths
hourly time of 51 point 44 kilometers hour
the saints winner of this action of amb with brush
the safety advice instruments are intended
Paul undefeated with six wins
is the opposing goal
has also revealed new cars
as stated
came people from m
with the result the Brazilian team
one pulled by the new era
after the lawsuit
proved to be exceeded
the inter
police patrols in addition to 35
because
due to this matter of defense
this led the team to win or beat the supporter
and we all have two names
and he preferred to have evolved a lot
the desired drawing
the cfm also the beer company delivered
we have everything for him
let's train later in the front we have to solve this
and I hope it runs like wing
be very grateful to everyone in the dispute
all open for now the church first place of the river go saints with two
complete and luís sobral iguatu rome of respect and dignity this study
christine fernandes
be